<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>

# ***** BEGIN LICENSE BLOCK *****
# Version: MPL 1.1/GPL 2.0/LGPL 2.1
#
# The contents of this file are subject to the Mozilla Public License Version
# 1.1 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
# the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at
# http://www.mozilla.org/MPL/
#
# Software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" basis,
# WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License
# for the specific language governing rights and limitations under the
# License.
#
# The Original Code is New Tag Page code.
#
# The Initial Developer of the Original Code is
# the Mozilla Foundation.
# Portions created by the Initial Developer are Copyright (C) 2011
# the Initial Developer. All Rights Reserved.
#
# Contributor(s):
#   Margaret Leibovic <margaret.leibovic@gmail.com> (Original Author)
#
# Alternatively, the contents of this file may be used under the terms of
# either the GNU General Public License Version 2 or later (the "GPL"), or
# the GNU Lesser General Public License Version 2.1 or later (the "LGPL"),
# in which case the provisions of the GPL or the LGPL are applicable instead
# of those above. If you wish to allow use of your version of this file only
# under the terms of either the GPL or the LGPL, and not to allow others to
# use your version of this file under the terms of the MPL, indicate your
# decision by deleting the provisions above and replace them with the notice
# and other provisions required by the GPL or the LGPL. If you do not delete
# the provisions above, a recipient may use your version of this file under
# the terms of any one of the MPL, the GPL or the LGPL.
#
# ***** END LICENSE BLOCK *****

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="all"
          href="chrome://browser/content/newTab.css"/>
    <script type="text/javascript;version=1.8">
      Components.utils.import("resource:///modules/NewTabUtils.jsm");
      var gNewTabPage;
      function onLoad() {
        gNewTabPage = new NewTabPage(document.getElementById("bookmarks-container"),
                                     document.getElementById("sites-container"));
        gNewTabPage.init();
      }
    </script>
  </head>

  <body onload="onLoad();">
    <table id="content">
      <tr>
        <td id="bookmarks-section" class="section"
            ondragover="gNewTabPage.onBookmarksDragOver(event);"
            ondrop="gNewTabPage.onBookmarksDrop(event);">
          <div class="header">
            <button class="remove-button" onclick="gNewTabPage.hideSection(this.parentNode.parentNode);"/>
            <span class="header-title">Bookmarks</span>
          </div>
          <div id="bookmarks-container"/>
        </td>
        <td id="sites-section" class="section">
          <div class="header">
            <button class="remove-button" onclick="gNewTabPage.hideSection(this.parentNode.parentNode);"/>
            <span class="header-title">Top Sites</span>
            <a id="restore-sites" onclick="gNewTabPage.restoreSites();">Restore removed sites.</a>
          </div>
          <div id="sites-container"/>
        </td>
      </tr>
    </table>
  </body>
</html>
